feat(gatsby-plugin-netlify): Allow status codes in redirects (#11255) (#11484)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: packages/gatsby-plugin-netlify/README.md

You can create redirects using the [`createRedirect`](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/actions/#createRedirect) action.

In addition to the options provided by the Gatsby API, you can pass these options specific to this plugin:

| Attribute | Description |
| --------- | ----------- |
| `force`   | Overrides existing content in the path. This is particularly useful for domain alias redirects. See [the Netlify documentation for this option](https://www.netlify.com/docs/redirects/#structured-configuration). |

> | `statusCode` | Overrides the HTTP status code whih is `302` by default, or `301` when [`isPermanent`](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/actions/#createRedirect) is `true`. Since Netlify supports more status codes, this allows you to set a different status code. Like `200` for a rewrite, or `404` for a custom error page. See [the Netlify documentation for this option](https://www.netlify.com/docs/redirects/#http-status-codes). |

Reviewer: What do you think about adding an example of the new option?

Author: Example added. Thanks for the suggestion.

> | `statusCode` | Overrides the HTTP status code whih is `302` by default, or `301` when [`isPermanent`](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/actions/#createRedirect) is `true`. Since Netlify supports more status codes, this allows you to set a different status code. Like `200` for a rewrite, or `404` for a custom error page. See [the Netlify documentation for this option](https://www.netlify.com/docs/redirects/#http-status-codes). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `statusCode` | Overrides the HTTP status code which is set to `302`  by default or `301` when [`isPermanent`](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/actions/#createRedirect) is `true`. Since Netlify supports custom status codes, you can set one here. For example, `200` for rewrites, or `404` for a custom error page. See [the Netlify documentation for this option](https://www.netlify.com/docs/redirects/#http-status-codes). |
```
Small typo and some rephrasing
